Added `send-HTTP-request` function using Dart (#58)
open-runtimes/examples: dart/send-http-request/README.md

# 📧 Sending HTTP Request

A sample Dart Cloud Function for sending HTTP request.

_Example input:_

```json
{
    "payload": "{\"url\": \" <YOUR-URL> \", \"method\": \"GET\"}",
    "headers": {
        "x-client-version": "1.0.0"

>     }

Reviewer: headers is actually supposed to be part of the payload like URL, method, and body.

}
```

_Example output:_

```json
{"success":true,"response":{"headers":{},"code":200,"body":"{\"total\":27,\"countries\":[]}"}}
```

## 🚀 Deployment

1. Clone this repository, and enter this function folder:

```
git clone https://github.com/open-runtimes/examples.git && cd examples
cd dart/send-http-request
```

2. Enter this function folder and build the code:

```
docker run -e INTERNAL_RUNTIME_ENTRYPOINT=lib/main.dart --rm --interactive --tty --volume $PWD:/usr/code openruntimes/dart:v2-2.17 sh /usr/local/src/build.sh
```

As a result, a `code.tar.gz` file will be generated.

3. Start the Open Runtime:

```
docker run -p 3000:3000 -e INTERNAL_RUNTIME_KEY=secret-key --rm --interactive --tty --volume $PWD/code.tar.gz:/tmp/code.tar.gz:ro openruntimes/dart:v2-2.17 sh /usr/local/src/start.sh
```

> Your function is now listening on port `3000`, and you can execute it by sending `POST` request with appropriate authorization headers. To learn more about runtime, you can visit Dart runtime [README](https://github.com/open-runtimes/open-runtimes/tree/main/runtimes/dart-2.15).

Reviewer: for consistency, let's update the version here:

```suggestion
Your function is now listening on port `3000`, and you can execute it by sending `POST` request with appropriate authorization headers. To learn more about runtime, you can visit Dart runtime [README](https://github.com/open-runtimes/open-runtimes/tree/main/runtimes/dart-2.17).
```

## 📝 Notes

- This function is designed for use with Appwrite Cloud Functions. You can learn more about it in [Appwrite docs](https://appwrite.io/docs/functions).

> - This example is compatible with Dart 2.13, 2.14 and 2.15. Other versions may work but are not guaranteed to work as they haven't been tested.

Reviewer: Let's update this to the latest:

```suggestion
- This example is compatible with Dart 2.15, 2.16, and 2.17. Other versions may work but are not guaranteed to work as they haven't been tested.
```
